Jamie says I am confused about the best
way to manage keyword match types should
all broads be together or should all
related terms be together so Jamie I
would keep exact on their own we've
brought modified and phrase match
together in other ad groups the I bit
idea being that exact are highly told to
their own ad and not mixed in with the
other the other adword the other
keywords this does depend on the size
the accountant budget keep it simple to
start with then in the future you can
have campaigns for your sort of top 5%
performers that get eighty percent of
your budget and you will find that
you'll find that there are you know a
smaller set of keywords that will spend
most of your budget and of course they
should be your high converters it's as
simple as that really so there's no you
know there's no strict rule of thumb you
don't have to follow a specific
structure but that's the one I use